the best way to learn your middle splits
is to just do your middle splits let me
explain you can do your pancake
stretches stretch one adductor at a time
try and open up those hips and God knows
what else the internet is telling you to
do or you can hold the split at whatever
level you are at right now here's an
example I want to train my handstand so
I'm just going to hold this weight above
my head then I'll hold it in my other
hand then I'll practice staying straight
or you can just practice your handstand
use the wall to balance use a fridge to
balance whatever floats your boat and
over time your handstand will get
stronger and better as you go so which
option seems better to you I like things
super simple so just go down to the spot
that is not painful hold it for 30
seconds rest for 30 seconds then hold it
for another period of 30 seconds do that
5 days a week that's 5 minutes of
stretching in a week and you'll have
your splits in the period of months stay
flexy